README.md, before:

# ipgrv - interplanetary git repo view

ipgrv is web app that allows you to explore a git repository (for example, its file tree and history of commits). The UI is backed by ipfs, and you need to have a [go-ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/) daemon running locally to use ipgrv.

# Background

`go-ipfs` has a [git plugin](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/ce22b83f24f72f18318c8649ff1bed3d3e96768e/docs/plugins.md#ipld) (built on [go-ipld-git](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipld-git)) that can represent git commit, tree, tag and blob objects as IPLD objects. Furthermore, you can install [git-remote-ipld](https://github.com/magik6k/git-remote-ipld), which installs git hooks that allow you to do things like `git push ipld:: master` and `git clone ipld::<CID>` to push to and clone from IPFS.

Typical workflow:

 1. commit some changes to a branch of a git repo
 2. run `git push ipld:: HEAD`, which returns the CID of an IPLD object
    representing the commit
 3. Once you have the CID, you can visit `http://127.0.0.1:8080/ipfs/<ipgrv hash>/tree/<CID>`

# Usage

To use it, make sure your ipfs daemon is started, and then visit

`http://127.0.0.1:8080/ipfs/<ipgrv hash>`

in your browser. Eventually there will be releases of this code, where we'll publish a fixed hash, so all you'll have to do is visit the URL with the appropriate hash inserted.

In the meantime, this project is under substantial development, so to get the hash you can:

 1. `git clone https://github.com/leavehouse/ipgrv`
 2. `cd ipgrv`
 3. `npm install`
 4. `npm run build`
 5. `ipfs add -r dist/`

This last command gives the hash.

# Features

Basic filetree and commit history views. The blob view currently doesn't handle binary files appropriately, but for source files there is syntax highlighting for a handful of languages (html/css/js/typescript/markdown/json).

# Missing features

 - Viewing the diff of an individual commit.
 - render markdown files automatically. Also render any READMEs underneath the
   file tree view
 - Line numbers for text files in the blob view
 - search the tree and commit history associated with a git commit object

Commit message:

Make webpack-dev-server actually work.
The earlier webpack-dev-server commit broke this, unknown to me. This
also adds a "Development" section to the readme to explain how to use
it.

README.md, after:

# ipgrv - interplanetary git repo view

ipgrv is web app that allows you to explore a git repository (for example, its file tree and history of commits). The UI is backed by ipfs, and you need to have a [go-ipfs](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/) daemon running locally to use ipgrv.

# Background

`go-ipfs` has a [git plugin](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/ce22b83f24f72f18318c8649ff1bed3d3e96768e/docs/plugins.md#ipld) (built on [go-ipld-git](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipld-git)) that can represent git commit, tree, tag and blob objects as IPLD objects. Furthermore, you can install [git-remote-ipld](https://github.com/magik6k/git-remote-ipld), which installs git hooks that allow you to do things like `git push ipld:: master` and `git clone ipld::<CID>` to push to and clone from IPFS.

Typical workflow:

 1. commit some changes to a branch of a git repo
 2. run `git push ipld:: HEAD`, which returns the CID of an IPLD object
    representing the commit
 3. Once you have the CID, you can visit `http://127.0.0.1:8080/ipfs/<ipgrv hash>/tree/<CID>`

# Usage

To use it, make sure your ipfs daemon is started, and then visit

`http://127.0.0.1:8080/ipfs/<ipgrv hash>`

in your browser. Eventually there will be releases of this code, where we'll publish a fixed hash, so all you'll have to do is visit the URL with the appropriate hash inserted.

In the meantime, this project is under substantial development, so to get the hash you can:

 1. `git clone https://github.com/leavehouse/ipgrv`
 2. `cd ipgrv`
 3. `npm install`
 4. `npm run build`
 5. `ipfs add -r dist/`

This last command gives the hash.

# Development

`git clone` the repo, cd into the repo directory and do `npm install`. Then `npm start` starts the dev server.

Before you can use this, an ipfs daemon must be running. However, before that will work, you need to modify the config of the ipfs node to allow `localhost:<dev server port>` as an origin. This can be done by executing:

```
ipfs config --json API.HTTPHeaders.Access-Control-Allow-Origin "[\"localhost:8000\"]"
ipfs config --json API.HTTPHeaders.Access-Control-Allow-Credentials "[\"true\"]"
ipfs config --json API.HTTPHeaders.Access-Control-Allow-Methods "[\"PUT\", \"POST\", \"GET\"]"
```

(If the ipfs daemon is already running, it needs to be restarted after the config change)

Provided that an ipfs daemon is running, you can now use the app by navigating to:

`http://127.0.0.1:8000`

`webpack-dev-server` will automatically reload the app in the browser when you make changes.

You will

# Features

Basic filetree and commit history views. The blob view currently doesn't handle binary files appropriately, but for source files there is syntax highlighting for a handful of languages (html/css/js/typescript/markdown/json).

# Missing features

 - Viewing the diff of an individual commit.
 - render markdown files automatically. Also render any READMEs underneath the
   file tree view
 - Line numbers for text files in the blob view
 - search the tree and commit history associated with a git commit object
